(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
It's always better when we're together,
- Happy Together! - Happy Together!
(Happy Together, Along with the Queens)
(I can't be missed.)
(The charismatic actress...)
(with innocence of a little girl)
(Good expressive skills, good sense of humor)
(The versatile and talented)
(The stars who guarantee a success gathered here.)
Messy hair
(From charming clumsiness...)
(to an unexpected charm)
(Please stop humiliating me.)
(Along with the Queens continues.)
Hae Sun earned money by singing when she was a child.
While my neighbors were cleaning cabbage or young radish together,
they asked me to sing when they saw me passing by.
- I heard I didn't do it for free. - Then what?
- You were a pro at that. - I asked for money...
for my performance, and they gave me 1 or 2 cents.
- Could you sing a bit for us? - Sing?
Sing? Right. I'll... I should sing.
Are you serious? I'm surprised.
If I could borrow this just once...
- I'm not very good at this, - Go ahead.
but I'll imitate Song Eun I imitating Lee Sun Hee.
What? Goodness.
- That sounds exciting. - She took it to another level.
Eun I is really good at imitating Sun Hee.
(Queen Eun I, the master of imitating Lee Sun Hee)
(This became legendary.)
- I'll do my best. - It's okay.
- I'm embarrassed. - This is unexpected.
Oh, you want to cover your mouth.
(She starts singing shyly.)
- I'm so nervous. - It wasn't so good.
- Give me a moment. - You didn't sound like any of them.
- I'm sorry. I'm too nervous. - It wasn't so good.
- Please wait for a moment. - Okay.
- I understand her. - She'll sing the climax.
(She's still warming up her voice.)
(Dusk falls)
(Behind my back)
(She sings her heart out covering her face.)
(The queen of mask singer, a doctor, a prosecutor, and a judge)
(You whispered these words to me)
- I'm so embarrassed. - She sings really well.
She's good.
- She sings so well. - Indeed.
- She sings so well. - She's really good.
I practiced hard to imitate Eun I.
- Can you sing this part? - "Beautiful Country".
(Can she imitate Eun I singing "Beautiful Country"?)
- You prepared this too, right? - She did.
(Nothing is impossible for Hae Sun.)
(Singing the climax)
(She sings with a powerful voice.)
She doesn't sound like Eun I.
(Her voice resonates deeply.)
Thank you.
- She's so good. - She sings really well.
You sound a little like So Chan Whee.
He's right.
- She has a similar voice. - Her voice...
(Sing "Tears" from now on.)
(It's a perfect song for you.)
- I'm worried about Hae Sun... - She's cool.
because after this episode airs,
- some people will recognize her. - That won't happen.
What would you say if someone says, "I enjoyed your episode"?
I'd say, "You're mistaken." Then, I'll keep going.
- She'd walk away like this. - I should always be consistent.
- Will you say it wasn't you? - "You must be mistaken."
"That's not me. Who? I don't know." And I'll walk away.
If you see Hae Sun tomorrow, she might say you're mistaken.
If she says that, she's definitely Hae Sun.
(I got caught.)
- That'll be her. - That's good.
Se Jeong has been ranked first among female celebrities...
in the advertisement model popularity rankings.
(Kim Se Jeong, Ranked top as an advertisement model)
She's been getting a lot of offers.
I really liked your home appliance store commercial.
What is your secret?
I think it's just that I was lucky.
When things got hard,
I got through everything while smiling.
- Maybe because it was memorable, - You have such a good image.
- That's right. - I came to have this cheery image.
- Many advertisers watch our show. - Is that so?
Is there any type of advertisement you want to be in?
I'd like model...
- a fried chicken brand. - I see.
- That would suit her. - Hasn't she modeled any brand?
- Haven't you? - No, not a fried chicken brand.
I always said I wanted it, but I didn't get any offers.
- You'll get a chance. - Pretend to eat a drum stick.
- Fried chicken? - How would you eat it?
It would taste good.
What should I do?
I have an idea. Use your line, "I'm upset" from "School".
For example, you can say, "I'll be upset if I can't eat more than one."
I would be upset if I get fat after enjoying fried chicken.
(Oh, no. Don't be upset.)
- She's cute. - She's so cute.
- She'll get an offer. - How does she do that?
- She's so cute. - Hyeon Gyeong also appeared...
- in many TV commercials. - Say the line.
Show us.
The facial expression after a bite is important.
Try to express that feeling.
(Having a bite)
If you don't eat this, I would be upset.
(Excessive emotion)
She sounded like, "Rice cake will go bad."
- "Rice cake will go bad." - "Rice cake will go bad."
"If you don't eat this, rice cake will go bad, and I'll be upset."
"And it will smell bad too."
Bo Reum, how about you try it too?
- I'm not good at acting cute. - You don't have to be cute.
- You can do it in your style. - But if your advertiser...
- Like my role in "Go Back Couple". - In your own style.
I'll use my popular line from "Go Back Couple".
That's a good idea.
(Bo Reum played a charismatic, tough girl in the drama.)
(Having a bite)
Hey. Did you take mine?
Are you challenging me?
- That was good. - It's like a catchphrase.
- "I'll eat all by myself." - That's right.
Soo Kyung, it's your turn.
When you eat chicken,
you have to show how you eat the meat off the bone.
- Make it look elegant. - That's good.
(She's describing in detail.)
(She ate all the meat off the bone.)
(Tasty)
(What a detailed expression.)
- That was very expressive. - She's on a different level.
- No need for words as food is good. - Right.
- She's right. - I should do something about it.
And how you swallow it and the sound of it.
Hae Sun, why don't you...
No. I will skip this for the sake of Soo Kyung.
- That's even harsher. - Are you humiliating me?
- No, I'm not humiliating you. - Hae Sun.
- You're so mean. - Gosh. Seriously.
- Show us. - Are you humiliating her again?
- She's smart. - That's not my intention.
- It's better if you just do it. - All right.
- Try it. "Bae Hae Sun Chicken". - All right.
(She immerses herself in the situation.)
(Raising her eyebrow)
My gosh. It's good.
- I was drawn to it. - I'm craving it now.
- That was a good point. - She said it quietly, but...
- I almost ordered one. - That was good.
- Like "The Solitary Gourmet". - That's right.
I'm sure she prepared this too.
- No. I improvised it. - It was short, but impressive.
You should've made it as impressive as hers.
I will learn from her.
Did I do something wrong again? Oh, no.
Whatever she does, she would make it a success.
- I mean it. She's so talented. - Thank you.
You ended up complimenting her again.
- I don't know what to say. - I'm impressed.
Se Jeong said Bo Reum and Bae Sun will become successful.
That's right.
What about Soo Kyung?
I think she needs...
Nothing goes well for you today, Soo Kyung.
There are good days and bad days.
However, she keeps trying new things.
But it doesn't work out well.
- That's a good point. - She'll be successful...
Trying new things are very important.
- Absolutely. She's authentic. - Right.
- I think so too. - Right.
In fact, that's what I'm trying to show.
- What do you mean? - My authentic charm.
Don't say that.
She accepts all the compliments she gets.
- He looked so scary just now. - I know.
She should know when to stop.
There's a story behind her line, "I'm upset."
What is it?
It was the last scene of the drama.
(Honey)
(Se Jeong did her very best to act cute.)
However, toward the end of the drama,
I had to shoot the drama without getting enough sleep.
- So I wasn't myself at that time. - I see.
I would've had no confidence in doing that,
but I said my lines so naturally...
- with excitement and confidence. - Right.
- You don't act cute in real life. - I'm not that type of person.
At that time, I was so happy.
- You're down-to-earth and boyish. - That's right.
I act cute when I'm excited.
I heard you will show us a new cute act for us.
(Embarrassed)
- Just relax. - For Happy Together.
(Warming up her voice first)
The queens are on Happy Together.
If you switch the channel, I would be upset.
- She's so cute. - She's good.
This will be used for the preview.
- This will be used for the preview. - That's right.
Hyeon Gyeong said rice cake will go bad.
"Rice cake will go bad."
(I'll do it again since you like it.)
- "Rice cake..." - I'm sorry,
- "Rice cake will go bad." - but your mouth looks so dry.
(Rubbing)
It's too dry.
- She's so funny. - That was good.
- You'll be cast in a TV commercial. - I like that.
I really like it.
There's something in common among a T-rex, a lion,
- and Soo Kyung. - What is it?
They're all carnivorous animals.
- Is that so? - Did you just call me an animal?
You're an animal, not a plant.
- Do you like meat? - She likes meat so much.
- Yes. - You're the weight loss queen.
A meat lover doesn't sound suitable for your nickname.
If you eat meat without carbs, you don't gain weight.
- Is that right? - Yes. You haven't tried it, right?
Of course not.
(Confident)
It's called Atkins diet.
- There's Atkins diet program. - Right.
Also, I...
weighed up to 68kg in high school.
- Is that true? - Yes, I weighed 68kg.
I was quite heavy, right?
Back then, I never skipped breakfast.
I ate some food in my lunch box after my first class.
I ate a snack like tteokbokki during a break...
and ate lunch during the lunch break.
After lunch, I ate snacks during a break.
After school, I ate some tteokbokki.
- You studied while eating. - And then...
I studied so I can eat.
After that, I went to the institute and ate some snacks there.
When I came home, I ate dinner.
I repeated this diet for a long time,
so I got fat in every part of body.
- In every part. - You must've looked strong.
When I was in high school, I looked like two celebrities.
- Who are they? - Actor Sohn Chang Min...
and Basketball Player Moon Kyung Eun.
People said I looked like them so many times.
I also had wide shoulders back then.
So I heard I looked like male celebrities.
However, the problem was...
- that I didn't realize I was fat. - But you looked like Chang Min.
I know. Since my friends told me that I was cute,
I thought I was really cute.
I didn't realize that I was fat.
But when I turned 20,
I wanted to become a celebrity.
So I started working out hard.
I worked out for three hours every day.
I had eaten a lot before then,
but I started eating only two meals per day.
That's unbelievable.
Did you reduce the amount of food to eat in every meal?
Yes, I did. I reduced by half.
I ate only half what I used to eat.
(She deserves the recognition.)
I heard my stomach making noise...
for the 1st time in my life after I turned 20.
I fell asleep while listening to the sound like a lullaby.
- It sounded like a lullaby? - Yes.
If you fall asleep with your stomach empty,
you would feel something you've never felt in the morning.
I feel ashamed to say this,
but I haven't felt refreshed in the morning in my life.
- How do you feel when you wake up? - I feel...
(Every morning, he feels...)
(His stomach is still full.)
(I'd like to feel refreshed too.)
There are famous quotes by women who succeeded in losing weight.
Tell us.
Kim Sa Rang said, "Eat three meals a day, and you'll get fat."
Oak Joo Hyun said, "I already know how it tastes."
- There's also a quote by Soo Kyung. - What is it?
- Tell us. - I said,
"Eat like a carnivorous animal."
I don't like it.
I don't understand it at all.
- What are you talking about? - Listen to me carefully.
If you eat grass...
(Lee Soo Kyung, a carnivorous diet specialist)
as much as a whole tree,
it wouldn't help to lose weight.
Carnivorous animals eat just as much as they need.
They stop eating when they're full.
They don't eat until they feel hungry again.
And they keep moving.
So what's your point?
What's your point?
(He stopped her meat diet lesson.)
I mean, humans live on a mixed diet.
That's right.
I suggest you should live like a carnivorous animal.
You should eat, move, and live like a carnivorous animal.
- But while eating... - She's right about that.
- I once went to see pandas. - I see.
I saw a panda moving around and exclaimed.
I heard it's a very rare opportunity to see it.
- They rarely move around. - They keep eating all day long.
They just eat bamboo while sitting down all day long.
- He looks like a panda. - Look at him.
- There's a panda. - He described it well.
(Sae Ho, I think you lost some weight.)
(The panda brothers are on a picnic.)
Imagine yourself lying down and eating all day long.
Your body may change like a panda's or elephant's.
But it's just how they look. It's not that they're fat.
- That's how they survive. - They need it to survive.
For example, they need to eat a lot before hibernating.
Your theory is...
quite convincing, but it's also a bit clumsy somehow.
We can't be sure...
Now that you've heard...
Soo Kyung must be taken aback.
Wait a minute.
(She licked her lips.)
I saw Soo Kyung doing this...
since we couldn't seem to understand what she said.
- I was anxious. - She licked her lips like this.
- It's because you had a point. - I see.
How do you eat meat?
I eat meat with no salt or any kind of condiment.
- Really? - Yes.
Do you eat boiled meat?
I eat boiled or grilled meat.
- But you eat it without salt? - No other condiment?
- You don't eat much marinated meat. - I don't eat marinated meat.
When you eat,
- you crave other food. - Exactly.
- Like doenjang jjigae, - And naengmyeon.
- naengmyeon, - Of course.
and grilled kimchi.
You think it's a natural reaction because you're used to it.
People who have been eating like me think my diet is natural.
But you have tasted all the condiments.
- That's right. - I'm sorry, but... Soo Kyung.
It's not that you ate food without salt your whole life.
- I mean, - You're smacking your lips again.
what do you want us to do?
- You've tasted condiments. - I have to keep fit,
so I keep a strict diet.
If you tell yourself it tastes good, the food actually tastes good.
- Only by thinking that? - We have to control our mind?
Controlling your mind is very important.
One day, Soo Kyung came over to my house with her dogs.
She brought some bread and said it's good.
It was too sweet.
What was that?
- Was it too sweet for you? - It was too sweet.
I thought my blood sugar level would go up.
Can't you feel the sweet taste?
I stopped eating after three bites. It was too sweet.
I'm sorry, but you might get arrested.
(A fake diet guru)
- What is it you want to say? - I...
I keep a strict diet when losing weight.
But in fact, I like dessert.
Dessert?
- She likes sweets so much. - I understand.
Why don't you eat fewer sweets and eat a bit of salt instead?
That's right.
I have childish food preferences.
I couldn't seem to give up on sweets.
She's not consistent at all.
I also like chocolate.
More importantly,
Se Jeong reacted enthusiastically. I think she can relate to that.
- Yes, I can relate to that. - That's why I like Se Jeong.
- You know what I mean. - Yes.
- Se Jeong likes to eat too. - Do you agree with her?
- I like to eat food so much. - I see.
- I need to lose weight sometimes. - You have no choice.
The problem is...
that I can't maintain the weight. I always gain weight again soon.
I recently gained weight again after losing weight.
- I got a little fat on my cheeks. - She's quite honest.
I once...
lost 4kg in only 1 week.
- In one week? - How is that possible?
- That's not good for your health. - Did you just not eat?
- I simply starved myself. - That's really bad.
That's not good.
I was so satisfied when I got to my lowest weight.
- But then I gained 6kg. - That's right.
It happens so quickly.
- You lost 4kg and gained 6kg. - Yes.
After I gained 6kg, the 1st digit of my weight changed.
Since the first digit changed,
I feel like it was out of control.
You just want to give up in that situation.
- I would've tried not to gain more, - "Whatever. I give up."
but I couldn't seem to stop gaining weight.
After I got to my heaviest point,
it became normal to me that the first digit changes.
I found her so adorable. We have dinner together...
after finishing recording "The Law of Jungle".
We ordered a lot of food, but Se Jeong said,
"I shouldn't eat this because I'll make a comeback as a singer."
We suggested one more time just to be polite.
- While you were in the jungle? - We thought she would refuse it.
We said, "Se Jeong, you should eat at least one bite."
She said, "Then shall I eat?" Then she ate with us.
(A shocking twist)
- She's adorable. - I understand.
She had no choice.
I heard you can drink a lot.
I don't drink very often,
but once I start drinking, I go all the way.
Is that so?
I start drinking in the afternoon...
and drink until late night.
You know you shouldn't pause while drinking.
Can you drink that much?
While drinking little by little, at some point,
- I see a lot of empty bottles... - They piled up on the table.
piling up on the table behind me.
- How much can you drink? - She's amazing.
I don't think she suits a diet queen.
Shouldn't she avoid drinking out of everything?
I mean, Soo Kyung is...
She's hard to... I don't know about her.
It's not too late. Tell us...
She sounds like a diet expert, but...
She likes drinks and sweets.
I think she needs a new concept.
(She needs a new concept right away.)
Bo Reum, you can hold your liquor too.
When we used to drink a lot,
we left a restaurant because it had run out of liquor.
You left a restaurant because it had run out of liquor.
- The liquor they keep... - Don't they let you buy it outside?
They do, but...
(Why are you cutting in?)
Why would you buy liquor outside when you are on a diet?
- I guess it has happened to you. - You know,
you are going to ruin your health.
Your words don't add up.
You need to decide on your concept.
It happens only when I decide to drink a lot.
Just how much do you drink?
You finish off a restaurant and buy more alcohol outside.
Yes, we move on to the next restaurant.
- The next restaurant. - That's right.
- Really? - Then we drink everything there is.
We start during the day.
- During the day? - We start during the day.
- Yes. - During the day?
- As early as possible. - We are on the same page.
It's the best to start drinking during the day.
Soo Kyung, you have a special massage technique.
What is it?
- I... - Does it reduce bloating?
You can use plastic wrap or a ball...
- for a massage. - Is that a thief?
I heard this is my role of the day.
I will teach you how you can grow 0.5cm a day.
- Really? - Yes.
- Really? - Really?
I really need to know that.
It's nice.
I want to know too.
We need a towel or plastic wrap.
Please lie down.
- You need to measure his height. - Right, the current height.
- I have no intention of doing it. - Shall we measure it?
(I won't participate.)
(It frustrates him more...)
(than a weather forecaster mission.)
(He is suddenly asked to measure his height.)
- I mean... - Sae Ho is puzzled.
That's incredible.
This is sudden.
That measures the weight.
- That measures the weight. - No way.
(Here come a stadiometer and a weight.)
I won't reveal my weight.
I thought he was Kim Tae Ho for a second.
(Kim Tae Ho as a special guest in Happy Together?)
I wondered if he works part-time on this set.
I thought he was Kim Tae Ho for a second.
- Seriously. - He's blushing.
- As for my weight, - It can be blurred out.
- my pants are heavy. - All right.
We covered the weight.
Really? It's a good idea.
- We minded our manners. - Okay.
I am 169cm tall.
(He aims for 169cm.)
- 169cm. - Why do you need to mention it?
He is straightening his neck.
It's going down.
(The headpiece is going down.)
(What's the result?)
- You are 167.5cm tall. - Is he shorter than me?
He's become shorter.
Don't say that.
- Am I 167.5cm tall? - You didn't know your own height.
Let me measure my height one more time.
He wants to measure his height one more time.
- I am 168cm tall. - Nothing will change.
- He is straightening his neck. - Something seems to be off.
Let's try it again.
Watch his heels.
- Come on, Sae Ho. - Don't do that.
He is triple-chinned.
(His triple chin shows his desperation.)
(I will succeed this time.)
Don't stand on tiptoe.
(What will be the result...)
(this time around?)
- 167cm. - What?
(Maybe you read it wrong.)
167cm.
(No.)
- Sae Ho, you are shrinking. - 167.5cm is correct.
- Sae Ho. - It was 167.5cm earlier, right?
You are shrinking.
- No way. - 167cm.
(He loses his mind.)
Shall we measure it one more time?
Really? No, I am okay.
(I lost my confidence.)
What are you going to do?
- I will use the earlier measure. - What are you going to do?
- 167.5cm. - Measure it one last time.
- Are you sure? - One last time!
(Forget it.)
- I will use this measurement. - Okay.
What's wrong with this device?
This is your last chance.
- I am not in a good condition. - Stand straight.
- This is your last chance. - Stand like you did at first.
We thought you would be taller.
This is the first time I have watched a height show.
When you have your height measured,
- suck in your stomach. - That's right.
- Do this... - That's good.
for a better result.
He is showing us the miracle of the shrinking height.
- Don't stick out your chest. - It's a magic show.
(This is...)
(the last chance.)
(Will he be able...)
(to grow taller?)
(His heart pounds.)
(The result will be revealed.)
- Watch your heel. - That's good.
- Okay. - 166.5cm.
- What is wrong with this device? - It's fascinating.
(I don't lie.)
(He feels wronged.)
Is this a device that shrinks people's height?
(Begging)
- What happened? - 167.5cm.
- 167.5cm. - What? 167.5cm?
- Let's say I am 167.5cm. - Let's come up with an average.
- Let's come up with an average. - Let's do that.
Would you stay out of this?
This is an important moment of my life.
Sae Ho,
- let's go with 167cm. - Go with 167cm.
- That's right. - On my profile,
I am 172cm tall.
No way.
- On my profile, I am 172cm tall. - Then let's go with 167.5cm.
167.5cm.
- Soo Kyung. - Yes?
- You can make him taller. - Yes.
It's fascinating.
Many people have hunched backs.
- Please lie down. - I have a hunched back.
- You need about five minutes. - Many are like that.
- Lift your hip a little. - I see what she is doing.
It straightens out your spine.
- Yes, it does. - It straightens out your back.
- Stretch your legs. - It feels like...
"AM Plaza".
Keep your legs together.
Imagine your body stretching.
- Soo Kyung is like a doctor. - Raise your arms.
Stay in this position for five minutes.
We will continue with the show.
- It stretches him out. - Five minutes?
- Five minutes. - Let's talk in the meanwhile.
While you are stretching,
we will move on with the talk...
- to save up time. - Let's move on.
- Hold on. - Let's move on with the talk.
To see the result,
Sae Ho will stretch for five minutes.
The tip of his feet shows desperation.
We can't stare at him for five minutes.
This is my first time seeing the ceiling of the KBS building.
That's what it looks like.
Se Jeong is known as the fairy of eating shows.
Seeing you enjoy your food stimulates the appetite.
I lived with my brother...
- when I was young. - I see.
I am impatient,
and my brother is gluttonous.
When there is food, I eat a lot in a short amount of time...
- because I feel impatient. - You've got to be quick.
When there are noodles, I mix them like this...
- before eating. - He might take yours as well.
When there is rice, I scoop it like this.
People think, "She is enjoying her food."
"It must be delicious."
It will be crazy if you eat a fried chicken with your brother.
That's right.
When my brother and I order deliveries,
we always get a pizza and two fried chicken.
- Really? - For two people?
- Yes. - That's a lot of food.
- That's a lot. - That's really a lot.
We always order pizza with a diameter of 50cm.
- Large. - The biggest one.
We prefer having leftovers over being hungry.
- That's incredible. - For a second, I thought,
"Why is this man lying in the middle of a studio?"
He is making money in an easy way.
I feel like I am listening to a radio program.
- The time is up. - That's right.
- I'm curious. - I am nervous.
(Creaking)
If... If...
- He needs to remove it first. - Are you okay?
If his height becomes 169cm, it will be incredible.
- Of course. - Right.
Then everyone will try this.
- It was refreshing, right? - He became taller!
- He became taller! - My goodness.
Really?
- 172cm. - He did become taller.
- Measure his height. - He became taller.
- He became taller. - Seriously.
- Measure it before he shrinks. - Press the button.
(How effective is the massage?)
- How tall is he now? - Press it.
How tall is he?
(I am serious.)
(The height on his profile is 172cm.)
(Will he be able to make it true?)
(What's his height after the massage?)
- 167.6cm. - 167.6cm.
He became taller.
- What? - 167.6cm.
167.6cm.
- Sae Ho. - He is 0.5cm taller.
- He became taller. - He gained...
0.1cm compared to the first measurement.
- I think... - Also...
I became 0.4cm taller.
- Really? - Are you revealing the true height?
167.5cm was more than I expected.
It really worked.
Soo Kyung, you were correct.
It's a way to become 0.5cm taller in 5 minutes.
- Good job. - When I stand straight,
I can tell that my eye level is different.
Your eye level won't change with 0.5cm.
- Seriously. - Maybe you're looking upward.
- You didn't become that tall. - No?
You didn't become that tall. Shall we measure the height again?
(Shall we measure it again?)
- Shall we measure the height again? - The air feels different.
You are just keeping your eyes at a higher place.
(It feels different this time.)
(He aims to set a world record.)
(They focus their attention on him.)
(Will Sae Ho's dream come true?)
(The headpiece was cast.)
It became 167cm.
- That's your height. - Really?
(It's exactly 167cm.)
His height reverted back too soon.
- What was that? - He should have done it longer.
Make sure you update your profile.
- Update it. - Who are you talking to?
I don't know.
Soo Kyung, I have a question for you.
Have you tried the massage on yourself?
- Of course I have. - Really?
Was it effective?
When my posture is bad,
there is a big difference.
(Doubtful)
Try it.
What's your height on your profile?
I am 170cm tall.
Back in the days, people didn't like tall women.
That's why I wrote that I am shorter.
It's opposite of what Sae Ho did.
That's a luxury.
- "Luxury". - A small luxury.
- A small luxury. - A small luxury.
I have a personal question.
(It's for Hae Sun.)
In "While You Were Sleeping",
you worked with Lee Jong Suk.
What is he like?
It's her first question of the day.
The first one today.
He was more cheerful than I expected.
I was careful...
because I thought it would take long to become close to him.
He has that vibe.
However, he was more cheerful than I expected.
He promised to come and watch my play...
before the drama ended.
I didn't think he meant his words, so I said,
"Thank you. Come and see my play."
The next day, he came to the ticket office...
without a manager.
Including Jung Hae In and Go Sung Hee,
the team from "While You Were Sleeping" came.
However, he came ahead of time on his own.
- He bought the tickets. - He came to buy tickets as gifts.
There was a ruckus because I didn't say who was coming.
"Hae Sun, Lee Jong Suk is here!"
They screamed.
I told them to give him his tickets.
After the performance, we ate something tasty.
He invited the team to his cafe to talk, eat something tasty,
- and play games. - That's sweet.
He is the best.
- Is he that sweet? - Yes.
Se Jeong.
Sae Ho helped you in the jungle,
but you never called him sweet.
- Tell me. Am I sweet? - He is chubby.
He is nice.
(I can speak of it now.)
"He is nice."
Sae Ho is nice...
- and Lee Jong Suk is sweet. - He is sweet.
Hyeon Gyeong will be jealous of you.
You decided to star in a drama...
upon hearing that you will play Cho Jung Seok's doctor.
I was never in a musical with him,
- but we used to be very close. - I see.
That's why we promised each other to work together one day.
The director of "Yong Pal" called me and said...
he wants me to play Cho Jung Seok's doctor.
I didn't look at the synopsis or inquire after anything.
I simply said, "I will take the job. Okay, see you later."
Then we met at the set.
Jung Seok is bound to be successful.
Despite his natural talent,
he puts in a lot of effort.
I haven't talked about this anywhere else.
He wrote in an acting journal every day.
- Really? - Not many actors do that.
Every day, he wrote down the feelings after performance.
- He wrote them down. - So that he wouldn't forget,
- he wrote in the journal every day. - That's impressive.
He didn't skip a day.
That kind of effort made him who he is right now.
As you see in his works,
he is detailed, witty, and quick.
He is a good actor who puts in a lot of effort.
- He is cool. - I wanted to work with him.
She is right. He is an incredible actor.
- He is amazing. - When he says I can speak English,
I feel like I really can. He is in a commercial.
- It was tempting. - It was, right?
- The commercial was tempting. - "You can do it."
- "With us, you can do it." - "You can do it."
"Me?"
"Is he talking to me?"
"You can do it, too." Really? Yes, I can.
That's right.
Soo Kyung, is there an actor who made your heart flutter?
I remember...
a unique experience.
Back in the days, I starred in "The War of Flower"...
alongside Jo Seung Woo.
There was a scene...
where I cut his hair.
Then we kiss.
Hair is a part of your body.
Touching it...
felt very romantic.
My heart fluttered back then.
- I see. - It still does.
I can't forget it.
Jo Seung Woo makes your heart flutter.
- Do you have an experience? - That's right.
We acted together once.
I played a mother and he played the narrator.
He came in and out of the musical like a ghost.
I am not supposed to know about this narrator.
However, seeing him act and sing by my side...
made my heart flutter.
- There was no romance between us. - That's amazing.
- He is charming. - His presence...
- It feels the space. - That's right.
My heart fluttered.
Maybe you are weak.
Maybe you liked him.
- You should get a checkup. - Maybe you liked him.
You need magnesium.
How about you, Se Jeong?
He is someone I want to work with one day.
The members of Gugudan really like Woo Do Hwan...
- who starred in "Save Me". - Woo Do Hwan.
When I received the Newcomer Award,
- he sat next to me. - I see.
- He was in a KBS drama. - To make the members jealous,
I asked him to take a selfie with me.
I uploaded the selfie in the group chat.
Their reactions were frenzied.
I received so many replies.
I was so excited.
I will receive a bigger reaction if I work with him,
so I want to do it someday.
You want to work with Woo Do Hwan...
for the members' frenzied reactions.
The group chat room will be shaken up.
- You want that. - Yes.
You want to work with Park Bo Gum too.
- Yes. - She's cute.
- Park Bo Gum? - I was...
in a program called "Talents for Sale".
Cha Tae Hyun visited.
The cameras were off.
If someone compliments another...
when the cameras are turned off,
- that means the person is nice. - That's right.
He was in "One Night Two Days".
He said, "Bo Gum is a good man. He is so nice and friendly."
"He is a good man."
He told the others that when the cameras were off.
I listened to his words...
and thought, "I see."
He wasn't talking to you, but you eavesdropped.
That's right. It was important.
That's why...
"It was important."
That's why I want to see...
if he is as good as they say.
- You want to meet him. - Yes.
- It can be through acting. - He's nice.
Is there an entertainer you want to work with?
- An entertainer? - It could be one of us.
He is expectant.
It takes time because she has never thought about it.
There is no immediate answer.
She must have someone in mind.
- Anyone? - Woo Do Hwan of variety shows.
- I understand... - I went to the jungle with you.
you don't have many options.
Is there an entertainer who made your heart flutter?
Is there someone who seems to be nice?
To be honest, it will be nice to work with Sae Ho.
He is Woo Do Hwan of variety shows.
He is funny in front of the cameras,
but he is funnier when they are turned off.
- When they are turned off? - That's the biggest problem.
That's the biggest problem.
"When they are turned off."
When the cameras are turned off, I become less nervous.
I really do well.
We should set up a camera in the waiting room.
This is Along with the Queens.
However, I think this is...
more special because of their passion.
Hae Sun is an actress with 22 years of experience.
It hasn't been long since she appeared on TV.
Time passed by quickly because I worked diligently.
I feel like 10 yeas have passed.
- You struggled a lot. - Especially at first, right?
Back in university,
my professor was kind to me.
He made me an understudy of the lead actress.
Back then, people didn't know what an understudy was.
- What is it? - We still don't know.
An understudy is an actress who doesn't take the stage, but...
She practices all the same.
Yes. She becomes a replacement if something happens.
That kind of a chance rarely comes.
It rarely comes.
There was in a scene where the lead actress...
rolls down the stairs.
She ended up ripping hear forehead.
Because she went to the hospital right away,
I finally had a chance to take the stage with much practice.
I put on a costume, a wig, and makeup.
Right before I took the stage...
unexpected thing happened.
- I was asked to come out. - She had returned.
Fortunately, she wasn't badly hurt.
I took off my costume and wig.
I just sat there alone with makeup on.
No one looked after me.
No one cared what I was doing.
There are stairs in Sejong Center Chamber Hall...
that are hidden from the view.
I tried to hold back the tears but ended up bawling.
Like you said, it's fortunate...
- that the injury was minimal. - That's right.
However, someone could have said kind words.
It's understandable because they were busy,
but I couldn't stop the tears.
If the lead actress gets hurt or wants something, I'm on standby.
If she wants water, I get it for her.
If she is sick, I get her medicine. I became that person again.
It's an honor in and of itself,
but I felt sad at the time.
As I cried, I made a wish.
What was the wish?
Someday, I will be an actress...
who takes the stage of Sejong Center Chamber Hall.
That time will come.
I believe that dream...
helped me overcome the struggles.
I practiced harder than anyone.
I became one of the actresses...
who performed the most at Sejong Center Chamber Hall.
(We applaud her for the passion.)
That's incredible.
(Because she overcame the struggles off the stage,)
(Hae Sun shines brighter on the stage.)
Soo Kyung, I apologize in advance...
for asking you this question so suddenly.
They have a good chemistry.
It says here that you struggled because you were never obscure.
Did it have to come right after Hae Sun's question?
That's how the order is.
I prepared to be a celebrity...
after I turned 20.
At first, I auditioned for a commercial.
I got chosen.
I appeared in a lot of commercials.
- You were in a winning streak. - After that,
I auditioned for a drama...
and became the lead actress.
However, I was scared...
because I wasn't ready.
Becoming a lead actress...
made me scared of the camera.
It's understandable.
I couldn't remember the lines.
Because I couldn't deliver the lines,
the shoot kept getting delayed.
- Your colleagues scolded you. - The director...
(She had a heavy heart due to the delay.)
kept scolding me.
Back then, I was really nervous, so in the end...
(In the end...)
There's a tear stick.
- I know. - You use it when you can't cry.
There are times I've used it when it's impossible to cry.
I really wanted to cry, but I just couldn't.
I was nervous.
- Everyone around me was... - They were looking at you.
looking at me.
I wanted to escape from that situation.
So I applied the tear stick all over my eyes,
but I still couldn't cry.
- Really? - You must have been so nervous.
You were too nervous.
I assumed being popular from the start would be a good thing.
I also assumed the same,
- but I didn't know about your this. - I didn't know about your trouble.
- I had no idea. - You weren't ready at all.
When I acted among well-trained actors and actresses,
I infinitely felt so small.
(She'd been scolding herself to improve.)
I really felt so incompetent.
- Now, she's a great actor. - I bet that Se Jeong had...
a hard time during her trainee days.
Right.
I heard your teacher was against your dream of...
- becoming a singer. - I heard you were hurt by that.
When I was young, my family wasn't well-off,
- so I could only go to one academy. - I see.
I had to choose if I was going to attend...
an educational academy or a singing school.
I decided to attend the singing school.
I told my teacher that I wouldn't be coming to the academy anymore.
My teacher asked what my plan was.
I said that I planned to go to a singing school to become a singer.
My teacher said,
"Not everyone can become a singer."
"You need to study now. You must study."
"You won't become a singer just because you go to a singing school."
When people make negative remarks like that,
- I want to prove them wrong. - You become more determined.
With determination, I decided that I was going to prove him wrong.
With that in mind, I practiced hard...
- and I became a singer. - Yes.
But after that, what's surprising is that...
- I filmed "School 2017". - That's right.
I filmed a scene at an academy.
But the academy I attended was the set we filmed at.
- My goodness. - It was the same academy?
- My gosh. - It was the set. Seriously.
- You didn't request that? - It was a coincidence.
- Really? - My goodness.
- How did they choose that one? - I know, right?
- That was so weird. - It's a way to prove him wrong.
- My teacher wasn't there though. - My gosh.
- Of course he's not there. - Did your teacher run away?
- How embarrassing. - Oh, no. Se Jeong is coming.
But I'm sure your teacher knows about your success.
What I realized afterward is that...
if I were the teacher...
and my student said she wanted to become a singer,
- I would've told her to study too. - "Study".
- Your teacher motivated you. - I really liked my teacher.
- Your teacher helped you in a way. - That's true.
It's quite possible that her teacher might've said that on purpose...
because he was aware of Se Jeong's disposition.
- That's a valid point. - Yes, it is.
Anyway, these four guests joined us today.
Do you have a future goal you'd like to achieve?
Can you share yours, Hae Sun?
As I continue my acting career, I always get these two feelings.
- I'm scared and excited. - Me too.
When people asked what kind of role I wanted next in musicals,
I used to say that I've already played a wide range of roles...
and that it didn't matter what kind of roles I played,
but as I started starring in dramas and films, there are so many now.
- You want to play many roles now. - There are tons of roles I want.
Now, I have a new goal.
Whatever role I play, I hope we would cross path in our projects.
(Let's meet again.)
Please teach me a lot.
Soo Kyung, can you share your goal?
- Tell us your goal. - So far, I played a lot of...
cheerful and bubbly characters.
Now, I'd like to try a role of someone like a sociopath.
- I think you'll be good at it. - It suits you.
- I think you'll do a great job. - That's great.
- I want to show different sides... - That's fantastic.
of me if I get a chance.
What about you, Sae Ho?
- I want to stretch often, - Okay.
so I can be as tall as 168cm in the 1st half of the year.
Good luck.
- I will and show you my success. - Seriously.
I'd like to thank Hae Sun, Soo Kyung,
Se Jeong, and Bo Reum for joining us today.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- We are Legendary Big Mouth. - Big Mouth.
(Sing My Song)
- All right. - Hold on.
- Soo Yong's outfit is... - I know.
I thought it was the Grim Reaper's.
You even put white powder for your makeup today.
- Let me remind you again. - I wanted to look neat.
- Soo Yong is only starring on this. - He exclusively stars on our show.
- I'm exclusive with this show. - He only stars on this.
- You cannot see me on other shows. - Right.
Soo Yong didn't plan this to happen.
- The staff didn't plan it either. - Right.
He happens to exclusively appear on Happy Together.
(It's sad, but it's true.)
- Anyway... - You only appear on this show.
I didn't know this phase would go this long.
It's not what I expected.
- During the break, Yong Man... - Yes?
became famous as Sean of Ilsan.
- Sorry? That's new to me. - I know what it's about. I saw it.
He wrote down habits of his wife...
- Let me explain this. - and food she likes.
We were discussing weaknesses like bad sense of direction and number.
I was asked what my weakness was.
I told them my weakness is my wife because I don't know her well.
- So I write notes about her. - That's right.
They asked me what kind of notes I write.
I told them I wrote down her sizes and everything else.
If you're that bad, aren't you suffering from amnesia?
- You have amnesia then. - Food she likes and dislikes.
For example, she hates jjajangmyeon,
- but I'd think she likes that dish. - What is that?
How could he not know that?
- How could you know that? - How could you not?
- I forgot so many times. - You'd feel it.
- I'd know instinctively. - Is that so?
You'd know her taste when you share meals with her.
There was a time my wife and I had ramyeon with Yong Man and his wife.
- What happened? - I was so surprised that day.
Why?
- His wife's name is Nam Jung. - Okay.
He said, "Nam Jung can't eat hard noodles."
"She eats completely cooked noodles." He told me that.
- I thought that he was... - She scolded so many times before.
"How many times must I tell you?"
- So I was... - My goodness.
- When he was single, - Right.
he used to write a lot of notes.
- Jae Seok, change your outfit. - Jae Seok.
- That's true. - You should wear a red outfit.
- He brought up... I remember that. - What was your favorite bar?
Jae Seok.
- I didn't know you'd bring that up. - I was just playing.
Let me explain you the details.
- Stop it. - You seem very happy about it.
- Let's call it quits now. - Hey, two of you...
- Do you all want to go down? - It's not that.
- No. - This is crazy.
- Listen. - I'll start with your first love.
- Then should I spill the beans too? - Go ahead.
You will?
- Everyone will be done then. - Today's show will be a good one.
A long time ago, In Yi...
- You! - In Yi.
- A scandalous special. - How could you say her real name?
(A scandalous special)
- In Yi... - We'll all go down.
- I can't believe you. - It was In Yi.
- That one was a big one. - This is unbelievable.
- Let's stop it now. - Yes, let's stop.
- We were just goofing around. - Right. We were joking.
Let's not dig up our past.
- If I spill, he's done for. - Everyone will be destroyed.
- He will be buried alive. - Right.
The lesson is writing notes is a good habit.
- Precisely. - Let's leave it at that.
- Of course. - It's because you'd get confused...
- about who is who. - Stop it.
- He'd get confused... - That's enough.
Anyway, I heard shocking news not so long ago.
- That was so sudden. - You're changing the subject.
- A change of topic. - What was that?
(A sudden development)
There are five legendary figures nobody can dish on in Korea.
- One of us belongs to the list. - Is that so?
- The first one is Lee Guk Jong. - I agree.
- Kim Yun A, Park Ji Sung, - Okay.
- and Chairman of Ottogi. - The chairman?
- Right. - The chairman.
- And Jae Seok is one of them. - Is it Jae Seok?
I am?
- I was so surprised. - We can't tease him.
- So we've been teasing him? - Don't say that.
I want to mess with him,
but I can't do that without feeling scared.
- Putting everything aside, - I really want to tease him.
you can't tease me after I mentioned your habit of writing notes.
That's one of the reasons too.
- You changed all of a sudden. - Know this before you tease him.
- Let's tease him. - I'm warning especially you.
- What do you mean? - You'd better be careful.
- A long time ago, - Do you...
- want me to poke the beehive? - A long time ago...
I mean...
- By the way, last week, - Okay.
we had a record that shocked a lot of viewers.
Every singer got off work without using any of the chances.
That's right.
- Wanna One is truly famous. - I agree.
- They went off work first. - My gosh.
What about the late-night snacks?
I heard that they thoroughly enjoyed the snacks in the car.
Right.
They sent us a thank-you message.
- They sent it to you? - To you, Yong Man?
No, to the staff.
Anyway, we have another special.
We will be joined by some amazing singers.
It's Last Singer Special.
(For past months, the best singers...)
(have been raiding the karaoke.)
(Some singers enjoyed their time and got off work.)
(But some singers were only hurt and couldn't get off work.)
(Would you like to try again?)
(Would you do it if you were me?)
(So we prepared this special.)
(Last singers whom we loved, the Best of the Best)
- Singers from previous episodes? - Yes.
- Right, but they were humiliated. - To redeem themselves?
They will be on our show today.
- Today's episode will be fun. - Exactly.
The ultimate, last singer will be determined today then.
Last singer among last singers.
All right. So for today's special, the whole team...
- will face the same consequence. - Okay.
The same host from previous shows will share the same fate.
- I'll team up with the same singer. - That's right.
- So this is our second try. - Exactly.
Let's find out which singer will sing...
at the end which is the worst and ultimately the last singer.
Let me present you the first singer. Please come on out.
- We'll figure out right away. - We'll know our partners.
- I know who that is. - That's Kim Kyung Ho.
- That's Kim Kyung Ho. - It's Kyung Ho.
- He looks so lonely there. - He flips his hair first.
(Do you like the song, "Like It" that much?)
- He's singing "Like It". - It's "Like It".
He's trying to beat Yoon Jong Shin.
It's "Like It".
(It's been really hard)
(I'm talking about how the show ended.)
- He's good. - He's a great singer.
(Do you like it?)
(No!)
(He's the very 1st singer who failed to get off work.)
(His sorrow exudes from his back.)
But the song suits him nicely.
- If he is last again today... - Who was...
- Were you his partner, Soo Hong? - Yes.
(Would you endure it?)
(Would you endure the emptiness and loneliness?)
(To recover his pride,)
- He sings well. - He's really good.
(Kyung Ho has come back.)
(All he did last time was showing off how charming he is.)
(But he still can't forget about what happened.)
I love the song.
(Not being able to forget what happened,)
(he desperately waited for this day.)
(We understand your feeling.)
It's Kyung Ho.
(National Rocker Kim Kyung Ho revisits Happy Together.)
Even if he doesn't turn back, we know that it's him.
(It's a classy way to vent out your sorrow.)
This is it, isn't it? Isn't this the highest part?
Just one-tenth of the pain I am feeling
(This is the highlight of "Like It".)
"I'm in pain".
(I'm in pain)
He hits high notes effortlessly.
This is the tough part.
(He's without a doubt Kyung Ho.)
He sang the last part of "Like It"...
like the singer Park Dong Jin.
"I'm in pain".
(He sounded like Park Dong Jin.)
You have to make your uvula tremble.
I'm in pain
- I'm in pain - He's like Jo Tong Dal.
I think this will become a popular meme.
We had a nice start with "Like It".
He's an important part...
- of Sing My Song. - He is.
- I think he will go last again. - Do you think so?
- That's what I think. - He's going last?
- I have a feeling. - Why would you say that?
I am free to express my feelings.
(Park Soo Hong and Kim Kyung Ho)
Welcome!
Go, Kyung Ho!
Kyung Ho is back.
Kim Kyung Ho!
- Welcome. - He looks beautiful from the back.
- He looks beautiful. - Do you like "Like It" that much?
- My goodness. - You chose...
- My gosh. - This way.
I intentionally vented my anger.
Do you like "Like It" so much?
(Is he trying to make the phrase become popular?)
It seems like you have finally managed...
- to get out of the shock. - Yes.
But you're here again.
When I was becoming fine again, you got me here.
Thank you for keeping your promise.
You will be able to recover your honor.
- He will take his revenge. - He will.
Do you still bear grudges against "Like It"?
I didn't know that this song was such a hit.
But this song was played wherever I went.
This song is very popular in karaokes.
I can tell that it's very popular.
Just a while ago, someone else was singing this song.
(We expected it.)
- There's a female version too. - By the way,
- It's a nice song. - it's not even my song,
and yet I giggle whenever I hear "Like It".
(That's how much impact "Like It" has on Kyung Ho.)
Why is that happening?
(Someone else sings it in another room.)
He's singing "Like It" again.
(Please be happy)
Why does he keep begging to be happy?
(He's suffering from the severe aftereffects.)
Why do people love it so much?
Do you like "Like It" that much?
I was busy getting my hair done,
and my hairdresser said, "Gosh, it's 'Like It' again."
(He's surrounded by "Like It".)
Before this, you were annoyed by Kwon Hyeok Soo.
- Now it's "Like It". - I am a total wreck.
I was surprised to hear his version of "Like It".
- The last part was amazing. - I envy him.
- I'm in pain - I'm in pain
When did I do that?
- You can watch the show. - Watch it.
- Show him. - He didn't sound like Hyeok Soo.
- He sounded like... - A master singer.
- Yes. Mr. Jo Tong Dal. - Mr. Jo Tong Dal.
- I'm in pain - Ever since I was on this show...
- Please sing it here. - I never sing like Hyeok Soo.
But ever since I was on this show, people started giggling when I sing.
Honestly...
Please be happy
This is how I usually sing.
But I feel like I should be singing like this.
Everyone expects me to sing like that.
But you clearly sang "I'm in pain" like that.
- That's how you sang it. - I'm in pain
- You did. - Try it.
I'm in pain
(That's it.)
(I'm in pain)
- See? - That's it.
- Are you... - I'm in pain
It's like someone was hitting your throat.
- You did that. - You can't do this to me.
I'm just joking.
Soo Hong and Kyung Ho...
will be the first team of this special.
- You make a good team. - I need to go home early.
Let's bring in the second singer.
- I think I know who it is. -Do you?
It's one of the people who have experienced it.
- This person is... - Is it Gummy?
going to vent out his sorrow through dancing.
It's g.o.d. then.
- What's this song? - It's "Lie".
- It's g.o.d's "Lie". - It's g.o.d's "Lie".
- It's Tae Woo. - It's easy.
(He reacted to "Lie" immediately.)
It's g.o.d's "Lie".
(I am sorry.)
(I am sorry, but I love you, they're all lies)
(It was Big Bang's "Lie".)
(It was like a lie to him.)
(He's the first ending singer, Kim Tae Woo.)
(He vents out his anger at a karaoke.)
- I was right. - It's Tae Woo.
He's my partner.
- It's him. - It won't be easy today.
(Jee Seok Jin and Kim Tae Woo)
It's Tae Woo.
He must have a lot to say.
He was here...
- on the first episode. - He was.
He must have a lot to say.
I became very humble ever since I was here.
Right.
He's right.
- After I was here, - How has it been?
I listened to all of my previous songs.
(It became an opportunity to look back on his career.)
It was...
I have a lot of hits.
- You do. - You have a lot.
- He's got a lot of hits. - Everyone loves g.o.d.'s songs.
"Love Rain" was his song, but it was a huge hit.
I think it was the area that failed me.
- Right. - It was the area.
- It was around Hongdae. - It was.
You were in Hongdae, but I was in a women's university area.
But you fit into the area perfectly.
You clearly fit in.
It was done on purpose.
What was done on purpose?
They were determined to crush me.
You think it was their big picture.
Are you confident today, Kyung Ho?
As you said earlier,
this is a chance for me and Tae Woo...
to recover our honor. It's like a consolation match.
- Right. - I even got to...
choose one among Yeoksam-dong, Gwanghwamun, and Yeouido.
- You did. - I chose...
Yeoksam-dong, because I would have the most advantage.
- We're in Yeoksam-dong now. - We are in Yeoksam-dong.
- But today... - I was going to say this later.
- But we are in Yeoksam-dong today. - We're in Yeoksam-dong.
On the way here, I realized that this area has changed a lot.
Why do you say that?
It's true.
It's filled with youngsters now.
I was surprised too.
It's more like Hongdae now.
(This is not the Yeoksam-dong I imagined.)
I thought it was strange too,
so I asked my manager.
My manager is in his early 30s,
- and this is where they hang out. - Right.
I asked him, and he said something fortunate.
The area across the street,
where the cinema is, is crowded by young people.
- That area is young. - But this area is fine.
- I know. - Right.
That's how desperate I was!
- He had to analyze the area. - He was desperate.
- I feel better. - They have...
finished analyzing the area.
- Yes. - And...
I arrived here about 30 to 40 minutes earlier.
The songs they sing are...
- How are they? - They're quite old, aren't they?
They sang K2's songs.
"I Can't Have You".
(K2? Bank?)
- You have the advantage. - Did they sing Bank's song?
- You're good now. - See?
("I Can't Have You" by Bank)
I think Kyung Ho has the most advantage.
Yes!
Right now...
- All right. - He's excited.
That's very good news.
Those are the songs...
people rarely sing.
Someone sang K2's song.
- It's very rare to see that. - It's perfect.
It's hard to sing too.
Yeoksam is a place...
full of hope.
We hope it will make our singers happy.
Let's give it up for Yeoksam.
(Yeoksam is the land of promises and opportunities.)
- Yeoksam. - Yeoksam.
Let's bring in the third singer.
Who would it be?
- It's Yong Man's partner. - It must be Fly to the Sky.
("10 Reasons to Love You" by Lee Seok Hoon)
- Are we all failed ones? - Is it Gummy?
It's a man.
- Is it Seok Hoon? - It looks like Seok Hoon.
His hair looks like Seok Hoon's.
- It's Seok Hoon. - Is it Seok Hoon?
- Seok Hoon. - It's Seok Hoon.
- What's that song? - It's Seok Hoon.
That's how he dances even to a dance song.
It's Seok Hoon.
I am sick and tired of him.
(Ta-da!)
(Hello, Yong Man.)
(He was determined not to sing SG Wannabe's songs he didn't sing.)
(Seok Hoon and Yong Man shouldn't have been a team.)
(And...)
(Seok Hoon got unlucky once again.)
(Who is he?)
(They didn't recognize him.)
(It was the most awkward scene...)
(in the history of Sing My Song.)
(He was the third person to go home, but it was as if he was last.)
(Today, he's venting out his sorrow while singing alone.)
(It sounds sweet.)
- I... - I didn't recognize him.
He's singing the same song.
He's singing it now.
And it's so much better to watch him.
It felt so uncomfortable last time.
That's when we figured this out.
Not everyone who sings your song is your fan.
- It's very fascinating. - They just love your song.
He's different from you two.
He succeeded to go home. He was the third.
- Despite the success... - Did he succeed?
- He did. - He was the third to go.
- Was he the 3rd? - Was he the 3rd?
Then why do I keep thinking that he had failed?
He was the 3rd person to succeed, but it was as if he was the 4th.
He was just like the fourth.
- That's humiliating. - Yong Man knows his name now,
but at the time, he called him "Kim Seok Hoon".
We shouldn't be partners again.
(Kim Yong Man and Lee Seok Hoon)
Welcome.
(He's the 3rd person to enter.)
- He still... - Welcome.
- He's still the same. - He hasn't changed.
He looks like he's coming from a church.
He's the only singer here who hadn't failed.
It's as if he was the last.
He was actually third to go home, but it was as if he was the last.
- It was. - Right.
It's better to just be the last one.
(How dare you come here?)
Have a seat.
I heard people didn't recognize you.
That's right.
You didn't tell me that.
- Did he not tell you? - We already said everything.
- Did he only say that he succeeded? - He said he didn't fail.
Right.
But he couldn't tell you.
Seok Hoon is here once again.
It's nice to have you here. Seok Hoon,
you barely managed to succeed. But it's hard to say that you succeeded.
- We remember it as a failure. - No.
- It was a failure. - What do you think?
It remains as a beautiful memory.
At least I wasn't the last one to go home.
- Right. - That's for certain.
Right.
By the way, Seok Hoon was as frequently mentioned...
as Kyung Ho.
You succeeded, but it was very awkward.
- Right. - Should we count it as a success?
Was it right for us to let him go?
Was it right for Seok Hoon to leave because we told him to go?
- We were perplexed. - His definition of success...
- was different. - Right.
You defined "success" again.
- It was uncertain. - You set a precedent.
It was my first time in 10 years to be on Happy Together.
- Right. - I am very proud...
about my big accomplishment.
- What did you accomplish? - What accomplishment?
- Anyway, he succeeded. - It showed me I have something.
I had succeeded to go home.
- Right. - I still remember that situation.
When you entered the room,
the customers didn't recognize you.
- You sang there and... - It's not that they didn't know me.
When I thought about it, I realized that they were very nervous.
Were they?
- I think we can say that. - My gosh.
There was something else that happened in there.
The girls were pushing each other to sing the song.
- "I don't know this song." - This was the problem.
They stared at the video.
They didn't know the song.
Let's say, if someone sings your song,
but doesn't recognize you, then you fail.
Let's do that. That's a good idea.
- That's too mean. - We're here to save our honor.
Everyone knows these two.
- But... - Seok Hoon...
Seok Hoon didn't fail last time.
I didn't fail.
- Those who are watching... - You must've known...
- what this episode was about. - He was the third one to go home.
- Why did you agree to come? - You should've turned it down.
I like being on TV.
I love it. It felt good.
- That's good. That's good. - I thanked them.
- That's all that matters.
- He's very positive. - It's lovely.
Last time, he was very confident.
- He was. - He said he wouldn't...
count the songs SG Wannabe sang before he joined.
- You have to talk about that first. - That's important.
- Only the songs he sang. - Only the ones he sang.
He said he'd only count the songs he sang.
A lot of people sang SG Wannabe's songs.
And we got up every time they chose it. His face turned red.
- What will you do today? - This is very important.
Will you also count the songs SG Wannabe sang before you joined?
Yes, I will count them.
(Seok Hoon has changed.)
- But that is... - He's confident.
not fair for us.
That's not true.
When everyone is here,
let's set the rule.
Why would you make the call?
- I want to count them. - We should all vote.
- We should all vote. - We all have to agree to it.
- He's willing to sing them. - He's given up his pride.
- It was a difficult decision. - I want to do it.
- I want to sing them. - What else?
I want to count the songs that were sung by many artists.
- You can't do that. - You can't.
- I will count everything. - We will count everything.
- I will sing anything. - Even if it's an omnibus album?
We are going to push for everything.
Have you sung duets?
- I've seen a lot of duets. - We will count all of those.
Anyway, Seok Hoon has joined us.
Let's do better today.
- Let's do this. - Let's check the last room.
- It's Soo Yong's partner. - Yes.
- It's a woman. - It's a woman.
Is it Gummy or Lyn?
It's Lyn.
- It's Lyn. - It's Lyn.
- It's her voice. - It's Lyn.
("Like Being Shot by a Bullet")
(Like being shot by a bullet)
(She's the only female guest.)
(How did she end up here?)
(She was happy the whole time,)
(but she ended up being the last one to go home.)
(She even got a chance to sing a song.)
(But it was useless.)
(No matter how hard she tried,)
(she couldn't make the customers stay.)
[VIU Ver]
E525 Happy Together
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
(If she could go back in time, she would go back to the time...)
(before she agreed to come to this show.)
(Today, the queen of drama soundtrack will recover her honor.)
(The 4th ending singer is Lyn.)
(Kim Soo Yong and Lyn)
- It's Lyn. - Lyn.
She's become more beautiful.
She's beautiful.
- Your hair is dyed well. - My hair.
- He says her hair is dyed well. - Weren't you...
- trying to dye your hair like hers? - I was.
- The colors are similar. - Right.
- I wanted the wine color. - The wine color.
That's the color I wanted.
This is going to be fun.
We feel comfortable about nitpicking at each other.
I never expected Lyn to be here.
- Lyn. - Right.
We expected her to go home first.
But she ended up being the last.
A lot of people sang your song before we began.
- Right. - How did it feel after the show?
It was horrible.
- Lyn, - It was horrible.
don't say this when we're all here.
- That's exactly how she felt. - The cameras are watching us.
- Great. - Right.
I am just as hot-tempered as you are, you see?
I watched the show on its original airing time.
I get very obsessed about these things.
Everyone was expecting me to go home.
- Right. - It made me feel really bad.
- It was hard to watch. - You knew the result.
I knew what happened.
And I can't forget about one thing.
That day, I was wearing hair extensions.
And towards the end, my real hair stuck out, and I looked ugly.
People were giving comments about my poor hair.
- Really? - There were so many comments.
Really?
I nearly fired my hairdresser.
Nothing worked out that day.
- Nothing worked out. - Nothing worked out.
By the way, I heard you called Seok Hoon and yelled at him.
- Why? - I called her.
Seok Hoon called me the day we had the shoot.
I was feeling bad because I was the last one to go.
But actually, he barely got to go home.
He almost didn't make it.
- Come on. - You almost didn't.
- Yes. - That's not true.
She's right. He barely made it.
He barely made it and went home.
I was embarrassed, and I felt sorry to you all.
On the way home, I felt really bad.
And Seok Hoon called me...
and told me I did well.
What did people say to you after the show aired?
- People felt sorry for me. - Sorry for you?
- Yes. - Whenever I went to an event,
people treated me with pity.
I had a performance scheduled in Hong Kong.
The interpreter was from Hong Kong.
- Did he watch it? - Yes.
- Yes, he did. - Did he watch it in Hong Kong?
I guess many people watch this show from abroad.
He comforted me and told me...
I'd be able to go home early next time...
- if I perform in Hong Kong. - Really?
- People in Hong Kong saw it too. - It didn't make me feel better.
Did Tae Woo recommend you to come here?
He kept saying how fun it was.
- It was fun. - I enjoyed it a lot.
We met at an event, and he asked me what happened.
I told him that I came last and that I couldn't believe it.
And he said that's what happens to everybody.
I think he was smirking.
- Wait. - "I came last too."
That's the day Seok Hoon came third, right?
- He ranked third. - Coming last is better.
- Why? - He barely made it.
(So it's better to just come last.)
It's established that Seok Hoon had barely come third.
(He's a member of the best vocalist group SG Wannabe.)
(He's a vocal trainer of Wanna One.)
(And he's humiliated.)
The word "barely" might come up when you search for your name.
- Don't be alarmed. - They look more relaxed.
The people who have seen the show might get confused.
I was the third one to go home.
- I didn't fail. - You managed to go home.
(I am no loser.)
Why are you here then? You are here.
This is a special for the singers who couldn't go home.
- It's a special for them. - It's a special for us.
But Seok Hoon did manage to go home.
Even though he did manage to go home,
he had stronger presence than those who went home last.
When that happens to you, you feel very uncomfortable.
- You feel very uncomfortable. - By the way,
Gummy was the last one to go too.
I know.
- She was the last. - The ones born in 1981 did badly.
Was Wheesung third one to go home?
When the singers born in 1981 team up with Seok Jin, this happens.
It's always like that. What year were you born?
- He was born in 1981 too. - Poor Tae Woo.
- They are cursed. - When they are with me, they fail.
- They always fail with him. - Seok Jin,
What on earth happened in 1981?
- In 1981? - Did you release an album in 1981?
No, I was too young then.
- No, that wasn't the year. - Today...
No, I think it was 1981. It must be 1981.
Am I as old as Na Hoon A? Why would I release it then?
- You were in middle school then. - Right.
Is there a gift for the last singer today?
- Today will be the worst. - I'd hate that.
Today's last singer...
- will be so sad. - It's the ultimate match.
I really hope we'd give an award to the singer.
- It's like we're selecting a king. - That's right.
- We always select the best one. - It's the best of the best.
- Today's last singer will be that. - The king of the finale.
I briefly mentioned this earlier. We are in Yeoksam today.
- Yeoksam. - Are you happy with this area?
- I like Yeoksam. - It's a great area.
Anyway, you mentioned this area in previous episodes.
- That's right. - So this is why we are here.
- You brought up Yeoksam, Kyung Ho. - He did indeed.
Everyone, we are here.
(People in their mid 30s to late 40s)
(Yeouido, Gwanghwamun)
(Yeoksam-dong)
(They have been wanting to come to this neighborhood.)
(The sacred place of office workers)
(Their pride is at stake on this battle.)
- So today... - Is everyone okay with this?
Yes, I like it.
One of the singers will be the last one to go, which is bound to happen.
- Yes, that's true. - However,
- Everyone got off work last time. - everyone got off work last time.
(It was unprecedented.)
- They didn't even use the chances. - I'm worried about this.
I'm worried that no one might be able to get off work today.
(It will be a new legend.)
- That has never happened so far. - Exactly.
Everyone can enjoy the late night snacks.
- We won't be lonely at least. - That's great.
That'd be awesome.
Everyone can sing the last song together. How nice.
- We can sing "Hand in Hand". - It's a music festival.
- Among singers, - Yes?
- singing last is the best. - It's the best they could ask for.
But things are strange on this show.
Lyn, who do you think will get off work last?
To be honest, I don't care as long as it's not me.
I just want to beat Lee Seok Hoon. He almost forced his success.
- You mean from the other episode? - From the other episode?
- You're holding a grudge. - Last time...
- You forced his way around it. - It bruised my pride.
- You want to go before Seok Hoon. - She just wants to beat him.
Kyung Ho, what about you? Which singer will get off last?
Seok Hoon.
I'm sorry.
(Part 2 of "Beating Lee Seok Hoon")
This is why we invited him even though he went home third.
- This is why. - I'm not looking down on you.
Both of them named Seok Hoon as the last singer.
- This is shocking. - That's highly likely.
- His opinion might be different. - How dare you name my partner?
What do you think, Seok Hoon?
Truthfully,
I would feel at ease if I were to get off last.
If I take the third place and all of you say that I forced my way out,
- then I'll go home last. - He's upset.
He sounds upset.
- He's mad from the beginning. - My gosh.
- His true colors are showing. - He had a lot of pent-up anger.
If you won't acknowledge my success, I will go last. I won't do it.
- What about you, Tae Ho? - You'd rather do that instead.
- Which singer will get off last? - All right. Great.
Seok Hoon.
Seok Hoon is having a hard time.
- How can you gang up on him? - Is it a special for Seok Hoon?
Let's give him a break.
Seok Hoon, why don't you name a singer too?
I get the feeling he will be the last singer.
- You think I'll be last? - Yes, he said that.
- He's popular among today's guests. - Today is...
Friday though.
- Friday night - Friday night
- You starred on a Friday too. - Didn't you star on a Friday?
Duly noted.
- It was Friday night then. - That's right.
Yes, it was indeed.
What's more is that it was about to rain too.
Even "Love Rain"...
It was a great Friday.
- I was so confident that day. - Okay.
- Things were going my way. - That was a good point.
- He might be the last singer. - Okay.
Lyn, which singer do you think might take the first place?
I think Kyung Ho might be first.
- No, I won't be first. - because...
- I saw the episode he starred on. - That's a possibility.
I did feel sad for him.
Was it that bad?
- But I was sad for him that day. - I get it.
- After the episode aired, - You did well.
a lot of people started to sing Kyung Ho's songs.
It's true. After that episode, rankings for his songs went up.
- His songs climbed the charts. - They did.
- People help the less fortunate. - That's true.
- You have a point. - You're teasing him.
- Koreans are really warmhearted. - Our citizens like to help indeed.
- They are very affectionate. - Exactly.
I think today's last singer shouldn't beat him or herself up.
Soo Yong, who's exclusively appearing on Happy Together,
- guess which one will leave first? - "Exclusively"?
You're amazing.
(You're amazing.)
(Blushing)
Lyn, you're doing great.
That's so cool.
He's the Get-off-work Fairy,
- so you have a great chance. - Right.
- I have a good feeling about this. - Okay.
(With him, you'll get off 1st.)
Kyung Ho, which singer do you think will get off first?
I think Tae Woo might get off work first today.
I think Tae Woo will get off work with his song, "Love Rain".
(Kyung Ho guesses "Love Rain" will be sung.)
Who will be next?
- I'll get off 2nd. - You'll be 2nd.
What about third place?
- He already said that. - Lyn.
- Seok Hoon will be fourth. - That's so awkward.
He guessed Lyn to be the third one to leave because...
her songs are very old.
- Seriously? - He asked when they were released.
- Come on, Kyung Ho. - He said that during the interview?
You were quite harsh on her during the interview.
- What's your problem? - He said her songs are old.
- What? Whom are you talking to? - You were mean.
- My gosh, What a surprise. - So her songs aren't popular?
The soundtracks might be old, but I'll succeed with a soundtrack.
(She won't let that go.)
- I know they are quite old. - I did mention your soundtracks.
- They've been around for ages. - That's what I said too.
- Lyn, are you being sarcastic? - Yes?
- No, how could I be? - That's not how I said it.
- Lyn holds grudges. - No, not at all.
- You don't, right? - We like that expression. Great.
When were the soundtracks...
- released? - They are such old soundtracks.
Outdated soundtracks from a long time ago.
- They are outdated. - I didn't use that term.
- They are such old songs. - I just said they passed its time.
- Stop it, please. - Yes, her songs may be old.
- Gosh, give me a break, will you? - That's enough.
Kyung Ho.
Didn't you release your songs about 20 years ago?
- That's right. They did indeed. - I sang them in middle school.
Right.
I listened to his songs before I got married.
- I forgot about that. - Fine.
What do you think, Seok Hoon?
I saw Kyung Ho's episode.
It broke my heart. I'm serious.
- Actually... The truth is... - Wait.
- He got unexpectedly serious. - It's just that...
I feel so bad for him.
You guys all know this probably. When we were growing up...
- Should I retire now? - No, no.
- Please hear me out. - Will this decide...
- my retirement? - No, no.
- Let him finish. - When I was in high school,
- Edit out my part. - every guy was Kyung Ho's fan.
- That's so true. - Everyone loved his songs.
We all sang his "Forbidden Love" and his other songs.
The singer I have so much respect for starred on the show,
but he lashed out on other people.
(Angry Kyung Ho)
So I thought it'd be nice...
if he would get off work first and continue afterwards,
but since Lyn is the only female singer here,
- I hope she'd get off work 1st. - So Lyn would be 1st?
And I'd like to have this match among just guys.
- Okay. What about you, Tae Woo? - I see.
I think Kyung Ho will get off first...
- Do you mean that? - because when I was waiting,
- people here sang old songs. - Is that so?
So I reckon someone will sing "Forbidden Love" today.
Let's guess with which song you'll be able to get off today.
What about you, Kyung Ho?
I mean, my songs are...
I'm looking forward to this today, but I have a problem.
I have to run to the room as soon as my song is played.
I've seen a lot of people do this with my songs.
- Do they stop midway? - They won't finish?
- They stop in the middle. - That's right.
- It's because his songs are hard. - You have to keep raising the key.
- That's true. - So they end up canceling the song.
- What about you, Seok Hoon? - That would feel horrible.
Well, I mean... This song isn't that popular these days.
- It will be an SG Wannabe's song. - SG Wannabe's songs?
- That's great. - That would be neat.
- What about you, Tae Woo? - It will probably be "One Candle".
- "One Candle". - I'll keep my hopes up for it.
- Everyone has their own theme. - Do you guys have winter songs?
- Do you have seasonal songs? - Right. Do you have those?
- I have some. - Didn't you sing carols?
- I sang "Because It's Christmas". - Seok Hoon has one.
Sung Si Kyung, Park Hyo Shin, Seo In Guk, Vixx,
- and I sang the song together. - What's the name of the song?
Then you don't have a lot of parts for the song.
- I have a lot of parts. - Did you get to open your mouth?
- I have a lot of parts. - You do?
Yes, I do. This song deserves to be included.
When it's winter, people start listening to it.
- The song climbs the charts. - Is that so?
- I checked the Popular Songs Chart. - Is it in the chart?
Yes. The ranking is not bad.
- My gosh, this is unexpected. - It's a winter song, not a carol?
- Do you have one, Kyung Ho? - No, I don't.
I'm a rocker.
- That's right. - He can't say he's even cold.
- Rockers can't feel the cold. - They can't be cold.
- That's right. - That's the spirit of rock music.
Of course. How could he admit that he's cold?
(I'll dance to "Pick Me", but I can't sing a Christmas carol.)
I would like to sing carols too, but I don't think it will work.
- Is that why? - He's adorable.
I'm sorry to interrupt, but whom are you talking to?
- I was talking to the camera. - I see. The camera.
- Do you have one, Lyn? - Is that your personal cameraman?
Are you shooting a commercial by yourself?
- Does g.o.d have winter songs? - Of course, they do.
Our songs give off the winter vibe.
- "I Love You and Remember". - You're right.
- But it's an old song. - Didn't you sing a song with Lyn?
- Yes. - There are many.
For these songs, whoever spots the song will go down first.
- They won't go down together? - We must go down first?
- No. - No? Whoever spots first will go?
Yes.
- You must say it's your song first. - That's right.
If this happens, they could force their way out of this.
They could force their way out of this.
I can't wait to do this today.
- That might be possible. - Even if that's the case,
the customers must recognize us. If not, it won't count.
- Okay. - Hey, stop it.
Stop mentioning that.
- Don't do that. - What's wrong with you?
- It's a trauma. - My gosh.
Let's check out the rooms now.
- Let's check out Room One. - See what kind of songs they sing.
("Marriage" by Moon Moon)
Let's check out Room Two.
("Yes" by Min Seo)
- It's "Yes". - "Yes".
- Please lower the volume. - That's Part Two of "Like It".
- Let's check out Room Three. - Her voice sounds quite young.
("Contrail" by Moon Moon)
- I don't know any of recent songs. - Lower the volume for now.
Since it's winter, the songs are...
- quite calm. - They sound heartwarming.
- We haven't... - I won't make it today.
- We are in Yeoksam, - Right.
but the songs sung in here are about the same with songs sung in Hongdae.
In order to find out what kind of songs are often sung in karaoke,
we will check out the rankings of favorite songs in karaoke.
- To win, the songs must be on this. - Right.
Actually, a lot of people look at rankings to choose the song.
- Right. - Now...
we're going to announce the favorite song ranking.
If your song is on the list,
- we'll play the highlight part... - Right.
like music shows for a short period.
Here we go.
It's the karaoke ranking. "Integrated Songs".
- 25th. - There really is one.
Lee Seok Hoon and others. "Because It's Christmas".
Others.
Today
You're late.
(Okay)
- You don't need to do that. - You were two tempos late.
- You need to do it right away. - He even forces himself to sing.
He's weird.
(It's fun to make fun of Seok Hoon.)
- Don't do that. - Now...
- It's fine. - cheer up, Seok Hoon.
It's fine. We can do this.
- "Integrated Songs". - It's pretty harsh here.
- Sing on the right timing. - On 25th. Lee Seok Hoon and others.
"Because It's Christmas".
(His voice is sweet like honey.)
Will my heart be expressed to you
It's 102nd. Kim Tae Woo's "Love Rain".
If my love comes into your head
Not that part.
Rain of love will come down
(The climax)
Yes. That part.
It's 129th. Lyn's "Back in Time".
(Sweet and ardent)
(Chuckling)
("Forbidden Love" by Kim Kyung Ho)
- It's 193rd. Kim Kyung Ho's... - It's on 193rd.
- "Forbidden Love". - He barely made it.
You seriously call this a ranking?
(They're wiped out.)
You have to sing.
Why would you get upset? You have to sing.
You need to sing.
You said I barely manage to live...
on Kwon Hyeok Soo. You're doing it again.
You have to sing.
- Calm down. - You have to sing.
"You call this a ranking."
193rd isn't a ranking.
I didn't pronounce it right on purpose.
(It's just a ranking. Happy Together loves Kim Kyung Ho.)
- Let's go back to 16th. - Be generous.
- It's OST area. 16th. - It's OST.
Lyn's "Back in Time".
Back in Time
- Is that the only song I have? - Yes.
- Can I step back - She keeps singing the same song.
- She keeps singing the same song. - Hold on.
Lyn. Kyung Ho's ranking is 193rd.
I just calmed him down.
Give him a break.
- You're... - Hey. You're on 16th.
on 16th.
It's 16th on the list. "Back in Time" by Lyn.
- Back in Time - It's a good song.
(She sings in a passionate tone.)
It's 41st on the list. "By My Side" by SG Wannabe.
(Seok Hoon feels good.)
It's on 61st. "Confession" by Lee Seok Hoon.
("Confession")
(He can't remember.)
- He doesn't know. - He doesn't know.
- What? - It's his own song.
- It's your song. - How can he not know his song?
How can you not remember "Confession"?
It's because he has too many songs.
It's 82nd. "You and I" by Lee Seok Hoon.
("You and I")
- Come on. - What are you doing?
(What are you doing?)
- How can you not know your song? - That's why...
Stop yelling at me.
- It's hard to remember. - Gosh.
It's over. Let's skip it.
- Next. - Let's check ballad.
- Many of his songs were on OST. - It's the ballad section.
- You're on a roll. - It's "Because It's Christmas"...
- by Lee Seok Hoon. - He's on a roll.
Is today okay
It's this one again?
It's 74th on the list. "Back in Time" by Lyn.
- It bugs me. - Come on.
(I have many songs.)
- Just stay out of the list like me. - Why do you only have this one?
I think I'm worse than Kyung Ho.
Just stay out of the list.
It's 120th. "10 Reasons to Love You" by Lee Seok Hoon.
(It helped him go home third.)
It helped him go home.
140th. "By My Side" by SG Wannabe.
(Seok Hoon's solo stage)
- Good. - 180th. "Lalala" by SG Wannabe.
Everyone. Sing.
(Lalala together)
- Good. - I'm not in the mood to sing.
65th. "One Candle" by g.o.d.
(Luxurious voice)
It's 187th. "Love Rain" MR by Kim Tae Woo.
("Love Rain" MR)
- Instrumental. - MR.
- But... - That's funny.
- what's... - That's hilarious.
- important here is... - That's so funny.
that even MR is higher than Kyung Ho's ranking.
- MR is. - MR is higher.
MR is higher.
- MR. - It's not a song.
Did you get the right ranking?
It really exists.
- It's finally Rhythm and Blues. - Rhythm and Blues.
Great.
31st. "We Were in Love" by Lyn. It's a new song.
Please don't do that
(She's excited.)
SG Wannabe's on 31st. "Must Have Love".
(Seok Hoon's busy.)
- I know this song. - It was popular.
34th. "As I Live" by SG Wannabe
(He pretty much seized the chart.)
It's 55th. "Timeless" by SG Wannabe.
I cannot forget you, but I want to hold you
- "Teddy Bear" by Lyn on 64th. - You sang everything.
I erased the red heart
"Partner for Life" by SG Wannabe on 90th.
(It's Seok Hoon again.)
- Great. - Great.
"Sin and Punishment" by SG Wannabe on 120th.
(He looks anxious.)
I can't remember this.
(I can't remember this.)
It's your song.
It's not easy to remember the song when you suddenly make them sing it.
- Right. - Back then...
I'm sorry, but did you sing?
I'm relaxing. It's out of the list.
"We Were in Love" by Lyn.
(He's been silent enough for his breath to smell.)
(Not even one is on the list.)
- There's none. - No.
I'm sure they changed it on purpose.
I told you to do your job properly.
(Awesome)
Why would you go by genre?
I only sing rock.
- Sit down. - It's fine.
- Is there going to be rock? - It's strange to be in this chart.
- There will be rock later. - There is.
It'd be weird to be in the Rhythm and Blues chart.
It's weird to be on the list now.
It's weird for your song to be on this list.
"Love It's All Lies" by Lyn on 163rd.
It's a good song.
Love What on earth is it
- Next up is adult. - Adult.
(Adult songs)
You're on adult song list.
(Amazing)
- Finally. - But...
it's on 24th of the list on adult songs.
"Forbidden Love" by Kim Kyung Ho.
My song's an adult song?
- Right. - Seriously.
Is this supposed to comfort me?
- Please sing. - Stop it.
- "Forbidden Love". - Hurry up and sing.
- "Forbidden Love" by Kim Kyung Ho. - We're all adults.
You're on 24th of the list.
I love you
(Kim Kyung Ho is great as expected.)
"People Who Make Me Sad" by Kim Kyung Ho on 87th.
Why are they all in the adult chart?
(He complains, but he still sings.)
"Heartless" by Kim Kyung Ho on 125th.
How
- "One Candle" by g.o.d on 155th. - "One Candle".
I'll hold your hand
(They finish warmly.)
I'll hold your hand. Let's hold hands.
The adult song here doesn't mean...
- anything erotic, - What is it?
but it's office workers in their 30s and 40s.
Then you should call it office workers.
Anyway, that's what it says in karaoke.
You should call it office workers in 30s and 40s.
- No. - It's an adult chart.
- That's what it says here. - It's an adult chart.
He's starting to be sensitive again.
I'm getting nervous.
- What surprised me was that... - Something like...
"At the Andong Station" should be on that list.
- No. - What?
What are you doing?
- What? It's over? - It's over?
What about rock ballad?
- There isn't one. - Then you should've had a survey.
There's Rhythm and Blues, but why don't they survey rock?
Rock ballad isn't on the chart.
Does the adult chart include rock?
It's hard to sing rock in Korea.
(Agony of a rocker)
(We respect you.)
- That's mean. - He's complaining a lot as usual.
- Lyn and Kyung Ho... - I'm ruined.
are complaining...
the most.
- Seok Hoon of SG Wannabe... - They're singing my song.
Really?
- Where? - It's true.
(They're envious.)
(They're entering the number.)
("Back in Time" by Lyn)
She's always the first one to leave.
We haven't started yet.
- You can leave only when we begin. - Didn't this happen last time?
This happened last time too. I'm worried.
- Did it happen last time? - Yes.
I have a good feeling.
We haven't started yet.
If we did, she'd get to leave now.
- Right. - I know.
Soo Yong might get to leave early.
- You can't really say that. - Okay.
- I have good news. - What is it?
Aside from the last time,
his new song made a hit.
- "Go Back Couple". - Right.
He sang the title song of "Go Back Couple".
That's a great news.
It plays when Son Ho Jun...
- becomes sad in the drama. - Yes.
- It plays in the sad part. - Okay.
- The weird thing is... - What is that?
in case of Lyn, her song plays throughout the drama,
but songs I sang or SG Wannabe sang...
- are barely played. - Why?
They should play it if it's for the drama.
- Why? - They don't play it. I don't know.
- There are not that many sad parts. - I see.
- I know the reason. - What is it?
I sang many OST songs, but you barely hear them.
- Why not? - Because...
SG Wannabe and I have powerful voices.
Those songs aren't played often.
Only the songs that are soft like Lyn's...
are played to help the mood.
- Songs that help you focus. - Yes.
Because it doesn't help you focus on the drama.
I had so many complaints too.
How about you, Kyung Ho?
People think I wouldn't sing OST because I'm a rocker,
but I did sing OST.
- Really? - I sang the title song.
It was for "Human Market".
It was 4 or 5 years ago. It's pretty recent.
I think historical drama OST would suit you.
But that's...
(Singing)
(That's actually not bad.)
- Unlike you think... - Stop it now.
I don't sing like that.
It hurts
("It Hurts" by Kim Kyung Ho)
- He'd be good at it. - For that part.
- That's right. - Right.
Last time you were here, we analyzed the big data.
After the show, we updated it.
We've got a new big data analysis.
- I'm looking forward to it. - Yes.
Big data analysis of Sing My Song guests.
I'll make it brief.
It's Kim Kyung Ho.
After he was on Happy Together Sing My Song,
people in 20s recognize him,
but people in 40s still recognize him more.
That word "still".
You keep adding it to a compliment.
- All right. - Don't be bothered by it.
- Okay. - It means you're consistent.
Look at the sense of the overall sentence.
- You should say steadily. - I know.
It's discovered that some people became a fan...
after seeing his coy look.
It seems women's interest has risen...
compare to men's interest in the past.
- It's risen. - Yes.
It's women's second preference in songs after Lyn.
(Positive big data)
- 2nd among these 4 people? - Yes.
He didn't place second in overall genres.
- 2nd among 4 people here. - 2nd.
- That's still good. - Right.
It's Lyn now.
They've received many news that many people sang her songs.
Many people were sad that she became the last singer.
Her songs are steadily selected as women's favorite songs in karaoke.
People complimented on her high quality voice and singing ability.
I like that compliment.
Apparently, Lyn laughed a lot watching Kyung Ho on the show.
I didn't laugh at him.
- She knows me well. - Yes. I know him well.
Also, he's a big senior.
- He's not like that normally. - Right.
- He's actually very generous. - He's warmhearted.
I didn't understand it until I got here.
- Right. - That happens.
It's actually worse. I was actually holding my tears back.
- Really? - I was very upset.
- He probably... - When you placed the last?
The moment Seok Hoon left?
- Is that when you started crying? - Why would you bring me up?
I was upset when there were only two of us left.
- From that moment. - Yes. Why am I here with him?
"Why am I sitting here with Seok Hoon?"
He's so much younger than me.
- "So much younger." - What am I doing here with him?
Are you normally moody?
Thank you for taking care of me.
(Thank you for taking care of my footage amount.)
No one expected it.
Hold on.
It looks like he's wearing a doctor's gown.
- A psychiatrist. - He does.
He looks like he's going to do a psychiatric evaluation.
Why would you check her knee when you're a psychiatrist?
- Seriously. - "Moody."
I guess I'm normally moody,
so when my friends call me,
they called me where should I dance to.
- Which tune... - They didn't know what to do.
- That's what they called me. - You had emotional ups and downs.
- Is that what they called you? - Yes.
When they said they don't know what to do with me,
I didn't get it. I always try to be considerate.
I didn't understand why they'd say that,
but after watching Happy Together,
- You realized. - I figured it out.
Tae Woo knows her well. They're pretty close.
- How is she? - How is she?
When we have drinks together,
she'd say something funny, and we'd laugh.
Then she'd say, "Is that funny?"
- While laughing together? - Goodness.
She was like that in her 20s.
That's when I was in 20s.
- And... - Actually,
she's one of few women who yell at me.
- Really? - Yes.
I think she yells at me more than my wife.
- Really? - That's not true.
Do you agree with her nickname?
Yes. She's pretty moody sometimes.
- It's Tae Woo now. - Yes.
Regardless of gender and age, people showed...
high interest and positive reactions since he's a national idol.
Also, people change the lyrics of "Love Rain" on social media to...
make a song called "Cost-effective Rain" to expose a cheap boyfriend.
("Cost-effective Rain" is popular which exposes a cheap boyfriend.)
- Cost-effective rain comes down - "Cost-effective."
That's unbelievable.
- Did you know this? - Many people ask him...
to sing "Cost-effective Rain".
- Can you sing it please? - Cost-effective rain comes down
- With that lyric? - Yes.
- "Cost-effective rain comes down" - Go easy.
(Cost-effective)
(It lingers in their mouth.)
It's perfect.
Now, it's Seok Hoon's turn after he was on Happy Together.
- I can't wait. - People are complimenting on...
his sweet and stable voice and that he's cute.
SG Wannabe's songs are still popular among men...
rather than Seok Hoon's solo songs.
Did you have to add that word there?
Yes. It's necessary. After the show,
people think they sang his song after realizing it's Happy Together.
They've found people doubting.
- "Doubting." - People realized it...
- and decided to sing it for him. - They realized it.
By the way, are you preparing for a musical?
- Goodness. - Yes. I'm preparing a musical.
What's the title?
It's called "Kinky Boots".
- That's really famous. - Right.
It was also on Broadway.
- Are you the main character? - Yes.
(That's wonderful.)
When does it start?
From end of January to early April.
- You must be busy practicing. - Yes. I keep practicing.
- Actually... - By the way,
he's got many good news after he was on Happy Together.
I don't think it's because of this show.
- Anyway, - But...
it's after this show.
- There are many bad news. - No.
They said I was forceful. That hurt me.
Anyway, you've gotten many good news after Happy Together.
- It's great. - Actually after this show,
- I've become mentally strong. - That's what's important.
- I was so nervous at first. - Okay.
- But I've become strong now. - Okay.
- You have to be strong. - I'm not nervous anymore.
It's like a training camp for singers.
The show's great when you do it with pride.
See? He's doing great right now.
- Look at him. - He only has malice.
He received good responses after getting upset and annoyed.
It's good that I'm on a roll, but I'd like to talk about the musical.
- Oh, about the musical. - Yes. I have a mission.
I'd like to stop talking about the musical.
Can I force to talk about it one more time?
- Let's stop. - Now...
- Yes? - it's 6pm.
- It's finally the rush hour. - Yes.
- People are finally off work. - That's right.
We haven't started yet,
but one of Lyn's songs was played.
Let's check the situation.
- "Nice to Meet You". - Yes.
(The prelude sounds familiar.)
- It's a pretty old song. - Hello
- This is old. - It's the "Hello" one.
- Put it down please. - It's from my generation.
- It's an old song. - We have a chance in Room Two.
Let's move to Room Three.
(Dancing)
- What's this song? - That's my song.
- Christmas song? - It's Seok Hoon's song.
- Hold on. - Is that the one?
I didn't sing it. Young Joon did.
Put it down.
It looks like Seok Hoon has a high chance today.
- Seok Hoon has a chance. - He has a chance.
It seems like people wouldn't sing g.o.d or Kyung Ho's songs.
- We don't know yet. - It's a good start.
- We don't know yet. - It's not rush hour yet.
People have to have dinner after work.
- Right. - They'll come after dinner.
What time do you expect?
Maybe 8pm?
- He's waiting. - Actually, we used to...
- shoot around university areas. - Yes.
- Unlike the places we went to, - It's different.
- I hear familiar songs. - That "Nice to Meet You" song.
- No one sang it before. - No.
- We get to hear it in Yeoksam. - You don't know what to expect.
- They sing old songs too. - I have no idea.
- They also sing recent songs. - Right.
- Play Room 3 please. - Why?
(It's an old song of Cool's.)
It's because we're in Yeoksam.
- Put it down, please. - They're singing Cool's song.
- They're singing Cool's song. - The songs are pretty old.
It's Cool.
- "One Candle"! - It's Cool.
("One Candle" by g.o.d)
- "One Candle". - Where?
- Let's go. - Room Three.
- We haven't started yet. - We haven't started yet.
- We start at 7pm. - That was close.
- It's playing. - It's playing.
- Look at that. - You're the first today, Tae Woo.
Yeoksam's different.
They can't miss "One Candle".
- It's starting. - Let's go.
(When you're down, rely on me)
Louder.
(It makes them dance.)
It feels like the end of the year.
("One Candle" resonating in Yeoksam)
(I will hold your hand)
Put it down please.
- Already. - He's getting confident.
- Stop. - Put it down please.
It's better for Tae Woo.
This is what it's like here.
You can never guess what they're going to sing.
- Yeoksam is different. - Yeoksam is different.
- Yeoksam is still in the 90s. - Of course.
- It's nice. - It's still in the 90s.
(This place is full of songs of memory.)
Smile, Kyung Ho.
He's worried again.
I don't have any songs in that mood.
We don't know what it's going to be like,
but if it's not the town, then we have to consider the season.
If you don't have any winter songs.
- Which season do you like? - Which season?
Is it summer?
- Hold on. - How about autumn?
Are you expecting my song to be the last one?
(Are you expecting my song to be the last one?)
It's up again. It's g.o.d's song again.
- Where? - Where?
"The Reason Why Opposites Attract".
- Is that Room 2? - Room 3.
Room 3.
I think they're g.o.d's fans.
- They're your fans. - They're your fans for sure.
- They must be g.o.d's fans. - Wait for me.
Don't go anywhere.
They keep singing g.o.d's songs.
- It's "Romantic Cat". - Look at Room One.
Yeoksam's different.
Yeoksam's amazing.
They're singing "Romantic Cat".
- They're going like this. - It's Cherry Filter.
- They're pretty good. - It's still the 20th century...
- in Yeoksam. - It's up already.
- "Night after Night". - "Night after Night".
- That's Room Three. - In Soon I can come too.
This town works for her too.
What we know for sure is that it's diverse.
- It sure is. - Yes.
(Next week)
(They'll pick the legendary ending singer.)
(At least you placed 3rd.)
(Forcefully)
(I'm going to be the last again.)
(It's unable to guess. It's never been so nervous.)
(They're competing for their last pride.)
(Don't cry even if you place last.)
(Who will be the final legend?)
(We'll be back next week.)
("Days Without You" by Davichi)